docs(tier4_simulated_clock_rviz_plugin): update how to use (#6914)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: common/tier4_simulated_clock_rviz_plugin/README.md

| -------- | --------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `/clock` | `rosgraph_msgs::msg::Clock` | the current simulated time |

## How to use the plugin

1. Launch [planning simulator](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/tutorials/ad-hoc-simulation/planning-simulation/#1-launch-autoware) with `use_sim_time:=true`.

   ```shell
   ros2 launch autoware_launch planning_simulator.launch.xml map_path:=$HOME/autoware_map/sample-map-planning vehicle_model:=sample_vehicle sensor_model:=sample_sensor_kit use_sim_time:=true
   ```

>    > **Warning**: If you launch the planning simulator without adding the `tier4_simulated_clock_rviz_plugin`, your simulation will not be running. You'll not even be able to place the initial and the goal pose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Warning**: If you launch the planning simulator without adding the `tier4_simulated_clock_rviz_plugin`, your simulation will not be running. You'll not even be able to place the initial and goal ego poses.
```
